# WG Meeting 2017-10-11

## Timing
Pacific Daylight Time, PDT Tue, 10 Oct 2017 at 7:00 am PDT  
Eastern Time, ET           Tue, 10 Oct 2017 at 10:00 am EDT   
London, United Kingdom     Tue, 10 Oct 2017 at 3:00 pm BST  
Berlin, Germany            Tue, 10 Oct 2017 at 4:00 pm CEST   
Canberra, Australia        Wed, 11 Oct 2017 at 1:00 am AEDT  

## Attendees
* Nicholas Car
* Dave Dubin
* Barbara Magagana
* Doron Goldfarb
* Markus Stocker
* Paolo Missier

## Agenda
1. Review of last meeting’s minutes:
	* https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iPDYqYw-0Uxhjn_Z-Lbg8jXTrO29GzCmK8vSxkpjjS0/edit?usp=sharing  
	* Consider moving our Meeting Munites to GitHub, in line with our Action Items moving
		* test minutes for this meeting at: https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes.git		
2. Review progress to date on Prov Patterns WG
	* Use Case DB
		* Review the basic pattern “Associating document metadata with graph provenance”
			* http://patterns.promsns.org/pattern/12
		* Review ideas for new patterns:
			* theory: upper ontology mappings from Simon Cox's mapping work
			* implementation: specialisation of "Associating..." for ISO19115 mapping, using GA's ISO19115 profile
			* implementation: how best to use PROV with DCAT (and other document-style metadata OWL ontologies like DC)
				* can we find a pattern for this in the PROV docco?
	* Provenance Sharing workplan
3. Member reports
	* Nicholas Car: 
		* 5 provenance papers accepted now for MODSIM. Titles are:
			* Design patterns and infrastructure in a software library with efficient handling of multidimensional time series
			* Documenting provenance of science in a state government agency
			* Provenance in the next-generation spatial knowledge infrastructure
			* PROV ontology supports alignment of observational data (models)
			* Modelling causes for actions with the Decision and PROV ontologies
		* 1 poster:
			* Linking document-based metadata to provenance expressed in graphs
				* based on Pattern 12

------------------------- 
* NC: Make Barbara an account for Patterns DB
* Use GitHub for Minutes NC: upload

* Pattern 12
	* Barbara like it
	* Dave include turtle listings
	* NC: turn comments on
	* NC: pattern status
	* NC: C & D images not showing
* NC: Simon upper pattern
* NC: proposal for SKOS + PROV pattern
* NC: patterns when would one need qualified patterns

* Barbara invited to Euroean provenance conference

* Sharing
	* Paolo: contact Tim Lebo
	* Barbara: Austria not ready
	* NC: send pingback tools to Barbara
	* Markus: Pangea 
		- using DataCite schema for articles/datasets
		- could technically implement Pingbacks
		- NC: make pingbacks test proposal

* papers
	* NC: ask MODSIM authors for prepreints for group

* Member reports
	* DD: presenting at iConfernece, Edinburgh
		* on ontology alignment, potentially using PROV
	* MS: nothing, soon to be working on ENVRIPlus with Barbara
	* PM: working on a large grant proposal including provenance
	* BM: nothing, developing EcoPortal ESWC Vienna, working with Doron
	* Doron Goldfarb: Env Agency Austrlia. Cognitive sceince & LD background. UDAT project work
		* integrating federated semantic search
	* 


