# WG Meeting 2018-02-27


## Timing
27th/28th February


## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Davi Dubin  
Dorno Goldfarb  
Alessandro Spinuso  

Apologies Barbara Magagna



## Agenda
1. Previous minutes
	*	https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/blob/master/WG_Meeting_2018-02-14.md
2.	Review open Action Items: https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues
  * Recommendations to DataX WG
    * What should this group recommend regarding a DCAT v2’s representation of provenance?
      * Current thought is to term a dcat:Dataset a prov:Entity (https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/128) and just “do normal PROV provenance from there”
      * I believe DCAT users will expect to see direct provenance properties, not just links to graphs
      	* ACTION NC to email this WG to ask for suggestions on representation of provenance patterns
        * One example of this requirement is https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/66 - Funding Source: “Provide means to describe the funding (amount and source) of a Dataset (or entire Catalog).”
        * Another: https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/78 - Publication source with Max Dekkers writing: “The European DCAT-AP uses dct:source on Dataset referring to "the original metadata that was used in creating metadata for the Dataset"
    * What do we recommend regarding versioning?
      * https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/93 - Version subject
      * https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/92 - Version identifier - ACTION: NC to refer to Data Versioning WG
      * https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/91 - Version release date
      * https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/90 - Version definition
      * https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues/89 - Version delta
  * Alessandro: mentioned the creation of a DCAT Appplication Profile for euroCRIS. ACTION: Alessandro to put the PhD student doing the work in touch with this WG
  * ACTION: NC to contact Barbara Magagna and discuss the Org Reg concept & patterns
3. Next meeting
	* 13/14th Mar, Australian friendly time, as per normal
