# WG Meeting 2018-06-06


## Timing
20 Jul / 01 Aug


## Attendees
Nicholas Car


## Agenda
1. Review of last meeting’s minutes: <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/blob/master/WG_Meeting_2018-06-19.md>
  * xxx
2. Open Action Items: https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues
3. Patterns DB – next steps
  * complete open issues
  * Nick & Paolo might inject DataONE Use Cases during ProvenanceWeek
      * [Issue/49](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/49)
4. Use Case write-ups – groups
  * 
5. Intentions for ProvenanceWeek
  * Nick & Paolo & Alessandro at least attending
  * Opportuities:
    * recruit content contributors - engage by propmoting our repository
    * using program, target presenters that could put info into Patterns DB: <https://easychair.org/smart-program/ProvenanceWeek2018/>

6. General Business
  * (Doron) ENVRIPlus have presented their provenance work to their own project 
  * another deliverable in Oct where they want to align their work with the RDA Patterns
  * Doron wants to get Research Intrastructures to use PROV TEMPLATES to model data lifecycle
  
7. Next meeting
  * Wed, 4th July, 1am UTC (Aust Friendly)
