# WG Meeting 2018-05-09


## Timing
08/09 May


## Attendees

Apologies: Nicholas Car, Tim Smith, Tom Honeyman, Dave Dubin, Ivana Ivanova, Mingfang Wu, Anila Butt


## Agenda
0. Welcome to Tom Honeyman from ANDS
1. Review of last meetingâ€™s minutes
  * previous fortnight's meeting cancelled
  * last meeting 2018-04-10
2. Review of open issues
  *
3. Distributing consideration of Use Cases
  * ACTION: Nick to contact Tim to characterise his overall Use Case
4. General business
    * ACTION: Dave to discuss with Nick categories/tagging needed for general RDA Use Cases, not just provenance ones ([isssue/46](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/46))
    * 
5. Next meeting
    * 22/23 May, European friendly time, as per normal
