# WG Meeting 2017-12-20


## Timing
19/20th December


## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Anila Butt
Dave Dubin
Lesley Wyborn
Irina Bastrakova
Reyna Jenkins


## Agenda
1. Review of last meetingâ€™s minutes
	* <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/blob/master/WG_Meeting_2017-12-06.md>
		* no cations required

2. Review progress to date on Prov Patterns WG
	* Charter updated and communicated to new TAB liaison officer (Sarah Ramdeen)
	* next step, P11 session proposal
		* agenda: present the UC DB, begin discussion of adoption guidelines
		* TODO: DD to make presentations on "What is a provenance Pattern", NC to make presentation on how solutions are implemented
	* discussion about session proposal
		* document written for proposal
		* TODO: DD to create plenaries repo
3. Interest Items
	* discussion about MODSIM '17 & '19
		* MODSIM '17 successful provenance session
		* MODSIM '19 will have a reinvigorated applied CompSci stream including provenance but perhaps also Linked Data
	* Anila Introduced herself and her projects - CSIRO Land & Water
	* Reyna Jenkins introduced herself - Data Stewerdship, Oceans Canada

4. Next meeting
	* 2nd/3rd Jan, Europe friendly time, as per normal
