# WG Meeting 2018-01-31


## Timing
30th/31st January


## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Apologies: Dave Dubin, Paolo Missier



## Agenda
1. Review of last meetingâ€™s minutes
	* none recorded in GitHub
	* blank minutes doc created by NC (<https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/blob/master/WG_Meeting_2018-01-17.md>) to be completed by DD ([issues/20]([https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/20))
2. Review of open issues
	* [issues/1]([https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/1)) --> closed
		* due to Charter being accepted by table
	* [issues/2]([https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/2)) --> closed
		* due to outreach having occurred and NC not involved with several other groups to record their UCs ahead of Berlin
		* [issues/14]([https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/11)) --> closed
			* due to other groups having been contacted before Berlin and some engaged with
	* [issues/16]([https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/16)) --> closed
		* due to Berlin session proposal having been accepted
3. Work done
	* a series of W3C DataX Use Cases/Requirements added as Use Cases in the Patterns DB, see http://patterns.promsns.org/initiative/w3c-datax-wg
  * a PROV display prototyping tool made by NC, PROV Show, see code <https://github.com/nicholascar/prov-show> and online instance of the tool <http://13.58.244.84>
4. Next meeting
	* 13/14th Feb, Australia friendly time, as per normal. Nick won't make it
