# WG Meeting 2018-03-28


## Timing
27/28th March


## Attendees
Nicholas Car, Dave Dubin, Paolo Missier, Anne Thessen, Barbara Magagna, Alessandro Spinuso


## Agenda
1. Review of last meetingâ€™s minutes
	* none recorded in GitHub
	* Ming, Ivana & Dave
	* discussion about Ivana's IPAW paper
2. Review of open issues
	* update link to GitHub on group wiki from IG to WG
	* ACTION: add issue for Oauth [issues/30](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/30)
3. Discussion about P11
	* NC: meeting was seemingly successful
		* ACTION: NC to complete Oauth for PP DB [issues/30](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/30)
	* BM: meeting was as expected
	* AS: Array DB WG wants to use UC DB
		* ACTION: contact Array DB to use UC DB [issues/31](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/31)
	* DD: observes RDA groups in general need to demo good info mgt & RDA doesn't have enough connections between groups. At the RDA business meeting, UC mgt was raised several times
	* PM: meeting worked well, disappointed by DataONE lack of attendance
		* ACTION: PM import DataONE Use Cases into DB [issues/32](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/32)
		* described the BlueBrain project
		* well managed!
	* AT: didn't attend session, presented final recs. at Plenary. Has worked with Andrew & DD to get this group's
		* DD will complete the recoding of a pattern, UC & implementation in the DB
			* ACTION: explore adding Use Cases and Implementation for the Agent Pattern from the RDA/TDWG group into the PP DB [issues/33](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/33)
	* AS: WG is gaining interest
		* we should offer a listing of tools for others
			* ACTION: NC to assign AS to make [issues/34](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/34)
	* PM: provweek
		* ACTION contact provweek organisers to advertise the DB [issues/35](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/35)
		* ACTION: NC to make an RDA WG poster [issues/36](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/36)
	* Next Steps:
		* NC: email to participates [issues/37](https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/37)

4. Next meeting
	* 10/11th May, Australia friendly time, as per normal
