# WG Meeting 2017-10-25

## Timing
Los Angeles, USA          Tue, 24 Oct 2017 at 5:00 pm PDT     
Chicago, USA              Tue, 24 Oct 2017 at 7:00 pm CDT     
London, United Kingdom    Wed, 25 Oct 2017 at 1:00 am BST     
Berlin, Germany           Wed, 25 Oct 2017 at 2:00 am CEST    
Paris, France             Wed, 25 Oct 2017 at 2:00 am CEST    
Perth, Australia          Wed, 25 Oct 2017 at 8:00 am AWST    
Canberra, Australia       Wed, 25 Oct 2017 at 11:00 am AEDT

## Attendees
* Nicholas Car
* Dave Dubin
* Mingfang Wu
* Tim Smith
* Ivana Ivanova
* John Morrissey
* Gowrie Sriraman

## Agenda
1. Review of last meetingâ€™s minutes:
	* <WG_Meeting_2017-10-11.md>
2. Review progress to date on Prov Patterns WG
	* no major admin progress
	* NC: work now on the patterns positions the WG to communicate with other WGs and indicate the sorts of Patterns we may provide to them
3. First Institutional patterns
	* NC presented 3 patterns from the Patterns DB: 
		* <http://patterns.promsns.org/pattern/12> - Associating document metadata with graph provenance
		* <http://patterns.promsns.org/pattern/25> - Associating ISO19115-1 items with a provenance query service
		* <http://patterns.promsns.org/pattern/26> - Associating ISO19115-1 items with a provenance query service #2 
	* these patterns are the first detailed provenance system implementation patterns generated by this WG. 
	* The last two have been reviewed by ISO19115 experts and deemd sound
	* The next step is for WG comments on these patterns
		* NC to create accounts for people without: <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/5>
	* Following step is to socialise these patterns outside the WG
		* II to send to Ted Habermann for review: <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/7>

## Left over from last meeting
* NC: extract patterns from Simon Cox's PROV upper ontology pattern: <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/8>
* NC: to send pingback tools to Barbara Magagna: <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/9>
* NC: send preprints of MODSIM papers to group: <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/10>
