# WG Meeting 2018-06-06


## Timing
05/06 June


## Attendees

Nicholas Car


## Agenda
1. Review last Minutes: *missing*
2. Open Issues: https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues
3. Progress on our Patterns DB
4. ProvenanceWeek engagement
5. DCAT WG engagement
6. Australian provenance projects July onwards
7. Focus groups â€“ spatial provenance, vocabularies
