# WG Meeting 2018-04-10


## Timing
9/10th April


## Attendees
Nicholas Car, Anila Butt, Dave Dubin, Ivana Ivanova, Rowan Brownlee, Dave Lescinsky


## Agenda
1. Review of last meetingâ€™s minutes
  * nothing to report
2. Review of open issues
  * not much to report - two issues closed
3. Distributing consideration of Use Cases
  * attendeed agreed to hold meetings outside of the regular WG meetings to address their specific Use Cases, Patterns etc. The following groups will meet shortly:
    * Spatial UCs: Nick & Ivana [issue/38](/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/38)
    * DigiScape UCs: Nick & Anila [issue/39](/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/39)
    * Vocabulary UCs: Nick & Anila [issue/40](/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/40)
    * GA-inspired UCs: Dave L. to contribute 3 UCs he has identified as missing in an email after Nick has created an account for him [issue/41](/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/41) & [issue/42](/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/42)
4. General business
    * Ivana raised the previous task of reexamining W3C UCs and ours
      * Nick replied that since the W3C DXWG have tied up their UC tagging, we need to ensure we have now captured all their UCs in our system. [issue/43](/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/43)
      * we can then ensure we are catering for W3C UCs by, per focus area (Spatial, Vocabs etc.) draw any links to the W3C UCs.
      * Nick will reveal the initiatives tags on the PP DB [issue/41](/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/41)

4. Next meeting
	* 8/9th May, Europe friendly time, as per normal
