# WG Meeting 2017-11-22

## Timing
Chicago, USA           Tue, 21 Nov 2017 at 6:00 pm CST      
Canberra, Australia    Wed, 22 Nov 2017 at 11:00 am AEDT 


## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Dave Dubin  
Simon Cox  
Mingfang Wu  
John Morressey  
Gowrie Sriraman  
Irina Bastrakova  
Ingrid Mason  

Apologies: Ivana Ivanova


## Agenda
1. Review of last meetingâ€™s minutes
	* <https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/blob/master/WG_Meeting_2017-11-08.md>
		* no notes

2. Review progress to date on Prov Patterns WG
	* need to submit final Charter
	* NC & DD to plan a time to do this
		* NC & DD to meet Friday/Saturday for final doc prep
	* Proposal for Berlin needs creating

3. Discussion about Issue 11
	* https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/11
	* SC: Rec track in W3C needs a WG, even if there's a preexisting WG Note
	* How/Could/Should this group progress PROV-AQ?
		* could it be done through the W3C's DataX WG?
			* Patterns DB could include the UCs a W3C WG would need
		* could this group have a wider role in the DataX WG all about provenance?

4. Presentation **Geoscience Australia's Enterprise Provenance Journey** - Nicholas Car
	* a talked-though history of provenance implementation at GA was made
	* links to many of the documents published about GA's provenance were given to the group
	* NC promises to make this a formal Case Study for this WG


## TODO
No issues added to list, Issue 11 completed
