# WG Meeting 2018-02-14


## Timing
13th/14th February


## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
David Dubin  
Ivana Ivanova  
Rowan Brownlee  
Tim Smith  
Simon Cox  
Lesley Wyborn  


## Agenda
1. Previous minutes
	*	https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/blob/master/WG_Meeting_2018-01-31.md
2. Open Actions for discussion
	*	Implement a series of W3C DataX UCs in the Patterns DB- https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/12
	*	Itemising other open Actions
3. Implementation Scenario Discussion
	*	Progress on interactions with other RDA groups for Plenary 11
	*	Relations with W3C DataX group
	*	The range of Australian provenance projects contributing to the WG implementations
		*	Geoscience Australia – whole-of-organisation provenance
		*	Digiscape – integrated, large, data warehouse, multi work areas provenance
		*	PSMA – internal provenance tracking for process improvement
		*	Energy Use Data Model – single platform, multi workflows provenance
		* ACTION: Make a list of potential PPWG outputs implementors
			* potential implementors
				* NSW Dept of Water - Tim Smith
					* ACTION: Tim/Nick talk about NSW OoW needs & implementations- https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/23
				* RDA/TDWG WG
					* ACTION: collect TDWG UCs from Anne Thiessen for Patterns DB
					* ACTION: Follow up with British Museum as potential TWG & PPWD implementor- https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/24
				* Spatial CRC
					* has added some UCs to Patterns DB
					* between PSMA & Digiscape in scale
					* are implementing their own UCs
						* ACTION: Follow-up UCs in Patterns DB for Patterns & Implementations- https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/26
						* ACTION: Add Ivana to GitHub (Nick)- https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/25
				* ISO
					* body to be influenced
				* NCI
					* ?
				* Ocean Colour
					* ACTION: Contact Ed King- https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/27
				* SA Dept of Env
					* ACTION:
				* Fed Org Reg
					* ACTION: List existence & work out scale- https://github.com/RDAProvPatWG/minutes/issues/28
			* ACTION: independent list of Imnplementors in Patterns DB - complete
4. Notice of IPAW ’18 conference
	*	See http://provenanceweek2018.org
	*	Several WG members will be going
5. General Business
	* RDA TAB is, this week, considering RDA provisioning of a version of the Patterns DB for all RDA groups
6. Next meeting
	* 27/28th Feb, Europe friendly time, as per normal
